Validating or Invalidating Hypothesis 

generating stories from data 

Unstructered and Structured data

Useful analysis help understand current enviroments

Knowledge value = focus on a specific problem

CLARIFY the question -> data science modeling(what data, where it will come from)
- > structured_data(modeling of data analysis + multiple models to reveal patterns or outliers)

- > unstructured data = NOT in a relational database where equations or analysis can be made.

New knowledge or affirming beliefs

Data visualizational tools help convey a message about findings

Pre-judgment is not bad, we need pre-concieved notions in order to have a starting point. 

Learning process > being right all the time.

"analyze and interpret this information......transforming it from raw numerical (or other) data into actionable insights"

Supervised (LABLED) VS Unsupervised Learning (UNLABLED)

Supervised Learning = (using labeled inputs and outputs  + data + Classification OR Regression)
Regression helps understand statistical (maybe enviromental) relationships dependent variables and independent variables 
Linear regression, logistic regression and polynomial regression.
Artificial neuro-networks to predict when an event will occur
-   Machine learning (pandas + numpy + matplotlib) 
jupyter always looks nice when working with data structuring or any coding of data


Unsupervised Learning = 
Machine learning to look at what is essentially unlabeled or unsorted data. (no paring to data set, no labeling of inputs)
Clustering is data mining technique for grouping by similarity or granularity (same as similary but in a deeper technical 
level)
NOT MEANT FOR ACCURACY ( DO NOT MEASURE FOR ACCURACY IN UNSUPERVISED)
Models are unlabled datasets.
Create a type of structured mapping from given inputs to particular outputs

Clustering Algorithms 
plots groupings of similarity together from given data points, it tells a story 
Autoencoders like Keras use Nueral Networks modeling to learn  


finding patterns for predictive analysis and modeling for future conditions 

like revenue streams by month to month of products and cost based analysis of equipment or predicting outcomes by enviromental conditions 
for example complaints and geographical weather

Case Studies need a lot of data in order to best implement solutions 

Measurments for modeling equations in algorthims

Identify the problem, establish clear understanding 
gather data (structured or not)
Idenitfy Tools or Approach
Data Strategy- > modeling algorithm or how-to-in-extraction of data outputs

Excel data is Structured Data!!!! (rows and columns)!!!!!

Unstructured data is usaully audio or video, web data scapes, web log, web pages.


A regression line is a straight line that describes how a response variable y
changes as an explanatory variable x changes

predict the value of y for a given value of x.
